# Notes for starter project.

List of stuff to do to use this starter project
This list is following along the video.  I might reorganize this later.

1) install npm

2) install the packages from package.json
    -> npm install

3) Security is built into npm from node security platform
    -> npm audit
        to check for problems with packages
    -> npm audit fix
        have npm try to automatically fix them

    notes: use opn rather then open because it fixes the critical risk npm complains about.

4) create a simple express server in the buildScripts folder.
    very simple server that just serves the index.html on port 3000.

5) create a index.html that has a html file
  just has a skeleton for title hello world

5) showing work in progress to others.
    one way is to use localtunnel
    -> npm install localtunnel -g
    then start the server locally on desired port ie 3000

    open another terminal window with the + command to the top right of the vs code window.
    -> lt --port 3000
    this will expose port 3000 through the firewall.
    no security.  the world will see this url.

    other options will be ngrok but it will need more setup.
    --look into this ngrok later.

6) Automation,
  options,
    Grunt, the original, large

    Gulp, in memory, fast, code over configeration, large plugin ecosystem

    npm scripts
      declared direcly in package.json from script tags
      leverage your OS' comannand line
      directly use npm packages
      call separtate Node scripts if one gets too complicated
      convention-based pre/post hooks
      leverage npm
      easier to debug a problems with plugin dependency because the npm scripts calls the npm depenceys directly.

7) npm scripts
  editing the scripts {} in package.json

  add a start script.

  "start": "node buildScripts/srcServer.js"

  note you donot need a to type in run for start or test scripts because npm has a short cut,
  for all other script you will need to -> npm run scriptname

8) adding pre and post to scripts
  npm will run any script with a pre before the script like "prestart" if start is called
    same for post will call after script

9) npm run all
  look at scripts for uses of "npm run all"

esw is the excecutable for esLint watch.
used when making a watcher for eslint.
-> note i have a plug in on vscode to automatically lint with feed back called EsLint in the plugins folder.


automated testing
  Mocah is used in this example

  Need to load in Assertion Libraries.

  Going to use Chai as an assersion library.

  Questions.

  JSDOM simulates a browser, useful to speed up the testing without a brower.
    fast and doesn't run full browser.

  Headless browser
    runs like a full browser without no interface.

  where to put the test file, Cory suggests along side.
  naming   filename.test.js

  Should run a unit test every time you hit save.

  unit tests
    are small and often run every time we hit save.
    if test is taking too long then it doesn't
